well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're gonna talk about slogans
and how sometimes
a slogan especially if it's been around
a long time
will get so entrenched in our vocabulary
that we forget the original meaning when
a slogan comes out
it doesn't encompass the whole idea it's
it's something to represent a much
larger idea
sometimes a slogan has been around for
so long
and the situation has changed so much
that if you just listen to the slogan
you undermine the idea that that slogan
was supposed to represent
and this is exemplified in
the discussion over withdrawing
troops from germany
you have a whole bunch of people who are
very on the record in regards to their
desire
to curtail us military activity
who don't want the troops removed and it
is confusing a whole lot of people
the idea bring the troops home i've
heard this
for decades it's been a slogan
when the slogan emerged the idea was
that if we brought the troops home we
would be less likely
to engage in military adventurism and
get involved in stuff that
we really don't need to that's kind of
the idea behind it
de-escalate bring the troops home
de-escalate
that was the idea
the whole idea of bringing the troops
home is that they would come home and be
disbanded
not that we would just bring them home
and they'd hang out at you know fort
rucker
um so people who still stick with that
mindset
that we need less troops they're
opposing
the trump decision the trump decision to
withdraw
and this has confused a whole lot of
people
um because in one
in one moment you have those
who want to de-escalate the militaries
all over the world
foreign policy hawks and
uh those people who just will oppose
anything that trump does
all lined up all in agreement
foreign policy hawks and those who want
less troops they rarely agree on
anything
but in this moment they do
and it's mainly because
the idea of yanking troops from germany
doesn't mean what a lot of people
believe it means they don't they think
that these troops are going to come home
to the united states
a whole lot of people think that's
what's going to happen it's not
um 6 000 of them have already been
reassigned basically they're going so
far
away from germany they're going to
belgium
not very far at all or they're going to
italy they're not leaving europe
it it's not a move to demilitarize
in any way shape or form they're just
relocating them
about 6 000 of them will be coming home
but i know at least part of that is an
armored unit that will come home
and then start a rotation back to europe
it's not actually about demilitarizing
none of these these troops are
coming home and their positions being
eliminated
we're not lowering our troop numbers
total
now that slogan bring the troops home
that originated in a time where we had
to have
troops elsewhere to get involved in
something quickly
the situation today is different the
united states can put boots on the
ground
anywhere in the world in a matter of
hours
and it's not necessarily because of
foreign bases
it's because we've learned to force
project
so pulling these troops out
does not actually lower troop numbers
on the contrary if we take trump
at his word how advisable that is is up
to you
if we take him at his word and what he's
saying his intent is
is actually what his intent is and it's
not just a gift to putin
the goal is more troops
we're removing troops from germany
as punishment in order to gain leverage
so germany increases its military
expenditures
more troops more nato troops more troops
to be used in adventurism
because it's part of nato and when the
us gets involved in something
germany will probably help out
so while many see themselves as being
anti-war so they're cheering this on
they didn't follow it through they just
heard that slogan we're pulling troops
from germany
the idea is to move about twelve
thousand there's going to be double that
still remaining there and they're not
coming home
they're being repositioned to make way
in theory for more troops
no true production but if he gets his
way there will be more
german nato troops
backing him moving these troops removing
them from germany
that's not a peace move it's not
it helps expand nato it helps expand
the militarization of europe it's not
moving in the right direction
now the foreign policy hawks the reason
they agree with this
is an entirely different set of
circumstances
germany is central we want troops there
just in case there ever is going to be a
ground incursion there that's really why
we want
um because most of eastern europe by our
doctrines
we're just writing it off it's a buffer
zone that's
that we're really letting them into nato
so if russia was to move
they could steamroll over them and they
would buy us enough time
to get our forces ready in germany
moving the forces closer
to russia makes them more susceptible to
a surprise attack not less
it's not really a deterrent it's
spreading the troops out
making them less less effective in a
conventional fight
so the foreign policy hawks those who
want
a strong us military presence in europe
they want the troops to remain in
germany
the peace advocates those who
think beyond the slogans they're
opposing this because
they understand the end goal is
more troops which
as we talked about in the recent video
what good are troops if you don't use
them
and the lobbying that the defense
industry does
it's not really that much different in
germany
it's still going to happen there's still
money to be made there's still
corruption
is it as bad as the u.s no but the u.s
well we can drag him into it
it's more troops that's why it's being
opposed by
people who would normally be all about
bringing the troops home because the
goal isn't to bring them home
it's to increase the number
anyway it's just a thought y'all uh
y'all have a good day